wide enough to knead add
the flour
[Music]
we add about 200 250 grams of sugar
and we put water when it's very dramatic
hot we add
to the flour
as you see
the hot butter produces a certain
effect in the same pan
We are heating the water for sugar
[Music]
[Applause]
and here we will add a little salt
as i tell you more
how are we heating in water
and meanwhile the water
walk with the butter we are doing
in this good story sometime when
I was working in camps
oil tankers happened once we had
that inaugurate a work
the gas pipeline
at all that led between five others
to definitive
an opportunity had to come the
president part with the present of
Brazil at the time of construction
in the opportunity I had an assistant
and very irresponsible cooking but also
He had many traditions
then he was going to take care of the soup
wonderfully
my vocation on that occasion did the
peanut soup with chicken legs good
need to be a surprise that the
delicious
if it is not so hot it is
preferable
[Music]
It has sugar and a little salt
and here we add the game
already at this moment the mass can be
work also has to be a little
rather natural
because if I tell you about this mass
this you can put it once cool from
far anything is not going to open
as long as it does
The golds clear their proper thickness
we have the prepared dough now what happened
good now
when performing the mass stretch
the stuffing of it
and here we have the mass
practically ready to use this is
our stuffing that we're going to use and
the same
we are going to add some olives
later we are going to paint it with
egg and a little sugar a mold to
that we previously go to butter
we put a little butter
and so they are not going to hit us sharing the
mass for which
[Music]
we cut it
in small balls
[Music]
we put two spoons
and now we proceed
around our hair wounds
but the same
let's not try to throw too much
so that we do not burst
later because filling by the
jelly
and our mass can break it
[Music]
You can also make meat so
only chicken
exactly
[Music]
finished the pan is already in term
Well, if I have a cat, they told me
really
[Music]
i
that
the color
we put it in the oven that has
the temperature of this one
and we close the door
during 20 minutes
and now we proceed to take our salt
ie developing rocks
[Music]
we have the leave
and a snack